# Intermediate Code Generation
Intermediate Code Generation phase is the glue between the frontend and backend of the compiler design stages. The final goal of a compiler is to get programs written in a
high-level language to run on a computer. This means that, eventually, the program will   have to be expressed as machine code which can run on the computer. Many compilers     use a medium-level language as a stepping-stone between the high-level language and the very low-level machine code. Such stepping-stone languages are called intermediate code.    It provides lower abstraction from source level and maintains some high level information.
  
Intermediate Code can be represented in many different formats depending whether it is language-specific (e.g. Bytecode for Java) or language-independent (three-address-code). We have used three-address-code to make it independent.
Most common independent intermediate representations are:
- Postfix notation
- Three Address Code
- Syntax tree
  
Intermediate Code generation is the 4th phase in the design of a compiler. Before it, a compiler comprises of three other phases:
  - Lexical Analysis
  - Parsing
  - Semantic Analysis 
  
#### Three Address Code

Three address code is a type of intermediate code which is easy to generate and can be  easily converted to machine code.It makes use of at most three addresses and one     operator to represent an expression and the value computed at each instruction is stored in a temporary variable generated by the compiler. The compiler decides the order of operation  given by three address codes.
General representation: x = y op z
An address can be a name, constant or temporary.
- Assignments x = y op z; x = op y.
- Copy x = y.
- Unconditional jump goto L.
- Conditional jumps if x relop y goto L.
- Parameters param x.
- Function call y = call p
  
## Hardware Requirements  
  
Usage of CPU, RAM, and storage space can vary significantly based on user behavior. These hardware recommendations are based on my work on the project.    
- A Computer System
- Ethernet connection (LAN) OR a wireless adapter (Wi-Fi)
- Processor: Minimum 1 GHz
- Sufficient memory to install required libraries

## Software Requirements  
  
Software requirements for the project are as follows:  
- GCC Compiler (for execution of C/C++ scripts)
- Flex Compiler (for execution of lex scripts)
- Bison Compiler (for execution of yacc scripts)
- Bash Shell (To run bash scripts)

## File Structure
  
  To be continued..
